Allow namespaces to be protected and deny modification unless specified (#8444)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/about-versioning.md

  - Allow defining limits on the maximum number of rules allowed in a rule group by namespace and the maximum number of rule groups by namespace. If set, this supersedes the `-ruler.max-rules-per-rule-group` and `-ruler.max-rule-groups-per-tenant` limits.
  - `-ruler.max-rules-per-rule-group-by-namespace`
  - `-ruler.max-rule-groups-per-tenant-by-namespace`

>   - Allow protecting rule groups from modification by namespace. The rule groups can always be read, and protection can be overridden by using the header `X-Mimir-Ruler-Override-Namespace-Protection` with namespace name as values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allow protecting rule groups from modification by namespace. Rule groups can always be read, and you can use the `X-Mimir-Ruler-Override-Namespace-Protection` header with namespace names as values to override protection from modification.
```
